good afternoon today we will tell about it
by car
this is toyota avensis 2008 and
mobile as simple on mars as he
150 thousand rubles
This deer is originally from the UK but
fully adapted to the Russian
conditions
such a plan machine needs to be popular with
people such a puck
so now he stands with the officials
colonels and generals
and if the wheel is sitting what I bring black
wearing glasses
controversy is their personal driver so
popular car and u can often
see after city or wing
ministers and as for this car
This is a premium class. Try to be watered.
lower ranks kate but not the coolest him
picking on outwardly he doesn't care
will tame lose and not so vranovyh pairs
pay attention to you here is not leather
and velor which is very good and black
which is very practical
put under the tree with trained pens
likes and good quality is not something
These cars are made of
it is not clear what
look not that is like any give
put a lot here
the battle
their objects on a huge trunk watch
and boredom will help here to drink
wheels here radius r16 on the rift toyota
camry
Otori and share
optitronnaya panel is well read there
the finished computer is all clean
sit and some students well I this
it means it is even easier to turn
without a modern cassette player and not a disc and
name ranges for its equals rivets
how high is the keyboard
some you will die here 6 speakers
two front doors 4 rear
with nectar on I became no on someone else's bar
daughters if the mass of nerves glove box
locked
and no one there will be properties
the description is fine in the car
bait
only without collage
car 2 cigarette lighter
ashtrays but they are in every way and because
the owner does not smoke but because all the mice
look out the window in russia is mine
the main thing to get and just another help
but for the engine and then the main
minus
engine capacity three people to action
not that your 29
a machine
hardware knowledge player
lives in the city from practice 11 liters
nobody's a walkie-talkie for this car
similar to yours